1) 

I’m applying for this program for the following reasons. 

Firstly, with the compulsory elective courses provided, I would be able to meet the students from research fields other than physics, which would offer me the precious opportunity for interdisciplinary communication. My current research is about theoretical physics, so such communication can help me understand how the basic theories link to the reality, which would be a crucial part for my knowledge structure. Also, such experience could help me learn about some research methods adopted in other fields, which can give me inspirations while I’m doing research in the future, and finally lead me to a more comprehensive perspective to the world. 

Secondly, the compulsory courses in the program require me to do both domestic and overseas internships. Conducting the internships, especially the overseas one, I could have my chance to learn from professors and students in very different environments, through which I can broaden my horizons. Also, I suppose I would continue doing research after graduation, so doing internships in different institutes could help me know about the works from different groups, which is also important for my future development. 

Finally, this program would provide me with financial support not only on the overseas internship, but also during the whole 5 years of the PhD course. With such support, I would spend less time on making a living throughout the years. Therefore, I could lead to a more sustainable research life and put my whole heart in the research work. 

2) 

For the undergraduate thesis, my topic was “To Study the Basic Properties of Neutron Stars with the Machine Learning Approach”. People now know much about the properties of hot dense nuclear matters which can be made in laboratories, but very little about cold super-dense ones. Neutron stars are the best natural experiment objects for the cold super-dense nuclear matters, and in recent years with the developments in astronomical observation technology, properties of neutron stars such as mass, radius and tidal deformability have been increasingly measured with accuracy. Such improvement on technologies, especially the application of gravity waves, provides experimental foundation to the further constraints of equation of states of super-­dense nuclear matter. This is the main background of my previous research. Spending efforts on this topic would improve our understanding of the nuclear matter and nuclear process in extreme conditions, which now is of great interest in the field of nuclear physics as well. 

The main content of the research included two main parts. The first part was to find out the expression of equation of states, and to relate it to the astronomical observables. In this part, theoretical work had taken up most of my time. The biggest challenge for me is that for the first time, I need to read many papers with many new concepts, and try to understand how they put the textbook knowledge into real use. To solve this problem, I repeated the important calculations referring to the textbooks, and learned how to search for papers that has specific helpful parts on my questions to when the solutions couldn’t be found in textbooks. 

The second part was to write programs to solve the partial differential equations I got in the first part. After that, I applied machine learning method to the regression analysis of the results. I had some experience in programming before, but to construct the program individually was still a challenge. In the procedure, I have to face with many different coding libraries as well as some programming tools and master the useful part of them quickly. I learned how to get familiar with them with the help of official documents and the online open courses. Also, because the particularity of computer science, many of the problems can be solved by checking the solutions in the online communities. In addition to the learning part, practical programming also had me learn a lot on how to make the codes readable and how to improve the efficiency. 

In conclusion, I have learned how to read papers, how to figure out the unclear points with the help of other papers and textbooks and how to relate my knowledge with real research. Besides, I have accumulated practical experiences on programming and developed my carefulness and patience on work. 

One of the reason for me to choose such a topic is that the most basic topics can arouse my interest all the time. At the undergraduate level, the topic on the neutron star was the most fundamental one I could find that related to the basic theories. The other reason is that I’m also interested in the computer science technologies, as well as the application of them in other fields. Machine learning is a relatively well-developed technology in computer science, so I would like to find out how it is used in physics. With such two motivations, I came to RCNP and began my study on lattice QCD, which is an well-established approach on unraveling the nature of quarks and hadrons with the help of numerical methods. 

As for my future research plan, I will continue on the study on the Roper resonance for the $\Lambda_c$. There are 6 flavors of quarks in total, which are up, down, strange, charm, top and bottom ($u, d, s, c, t, b$). The phenonmenon of Roper resonance was about the abnormal energy spectrum for the sitmulated states of the baryons that is consisted of up and down quarks. It is firstly discovered in 1963, but still left a mystery until now for almost 50 years. As for my research, I will do theoretical calculations on excited charmed baryons, which are hadrons that have a charm quark as component. To be more specific, I will calculate the spectrum of $\Lambda_c $, which is consisted of $udc$ quarks, in order to find out if I can expect similar phenomenon as Roper resonance in such baryons. 

Most of the research in the fundamental sciences, in particular, theoretical particle, nuclear and astrophysics, has very little direct benefit to the general public in the short term. Many of them are of no use to us at the time they are studied. However, it is no exaggeration that many things that are indispensable to modern scientific civilization could not exist without the benefits of an accumulation of old researches in such fundamental sciences, especially mathematics and physics. Now, research in high-energy physics, including quantum chromodynamics, has developed in close collaboration with peripheral fields such as mathematics, computer science, condensed matter physics and so on, which includes biology and even economics. The elucidation of Roper resonances will enrich our understanding of the structure of hadrons which are the elementary excitations of the color confinement phase of quantum chromodynamics. Although the direct benefit of our research is such a small thing, I am convinced that deepening  our understanding of quantum chromodynamics will surely bring huge benefits to the general society in the future.