Hello everyone, I am Tianchen Zhang from the graduate school of science, and now I'm in the RCNP. 

The title of my research is "Roper resonance of lambda c".

However, since I'm an M1 student, I still need some prerequisite knowledge for my research, and thus some of the details of my research is still to be determined. So I think I should start talking about my undergraduate thesis first. 

***

My undergraduate thesis is to study the basic properties of neutron stars with the help of machine learning approach. 

**Neutron stars** are one the most dense celestial bodies that can be observed in the universe, and are the best natural experiment objects for the cold super-dense nuclear matters. 

To learn the basic properties of neutron stars, we need to know its EOS, which is an essential input for the neutron stars. 

The understanding of NS and its EOS will enrich our knowledge of the nuclear physics. 

Now new observation methods, such as gravity waves, brought new results on the astronomical observables, and they gave further restrictions on the neutron stars. By the restrictions, we can generate a large amount of EOS, so that we can use ML to find precise mapping relation from the EOS to the astronomical observables. 

***

From the research in undergradute stage, I've developed the ability of gathering information, as well as the ability of learning by myself. 

Also I have found how to relate my knowledge with the real research. Besides, I've accumulated some experience on programming, which is important for a theoretical physics student. 

Finally, I also developed my carefulness and patience on research. 

***

Then, let's see my master research topic, "Roper resonance of lambda c". **Roper Resonance** means abnormal energy spectrum for the stimulated states of the baryons of u and d quarks, like protons and neutrons. It's a rather old problem that the second stimulated state of such baryons has lower energy than the first stimulated states. 

Lambda c is the baryon that consists of udc quarks. 

and my research is to calculate the energy spectropy of lambda c by lattice QCD to find out if there is roper resonance like phenomena. 

Just as the topic in undergraduate stage, this is the most fundamental topic I can find at the time. The reasons for me to choose such topics is that I'm always interested in the basic topics. 

***

Finally I'm going to talk about the social impact of my research. Actually, much research on theoretical particle physics, nuclear physics, and astrophysics is of no use to us at the time they have been studied. But they are indispensable to the modern science. Because finally, they will show some use in a way that we didn't expect, maybe in some peripheral fields. The research on the Roper resonances may be a small topic, but it will enrich our understanding of hadron structures, and I'm sure it will be of great benefit to the society in the future. 





